Your Majesty, I want to marry my father
emperor
Wang Xun offered wine to make up for his previous mistakes
Dare not ask for a reward
What the emperor and princess said
A little junior sister
You can get the emperor to appreciate your face and taste wine
To show the order of three lives
Can't invite again
boss
Fair enough.
Don't reward him today
Make a great contribution in the future
I will reward you together.
Princess, why did you let the emperor ban me just now?
You have already caused King Liang to be banned
It's the cold envy of the courtiers and ministers again
If so again
Do you think you can live until tomorrow?
And where does the wine come from?
Tell me don't even think about lying
In case you tell him the truth
What if he burned me as a monster?
Hurry up and say no
Tell the truth
Maybe Mr. Drinking will help me get through
The princess is actually
This is me from the 21st century.
I brought it back together.
The princess was really brought from behind me